src/content/pages/contribution.en.md, before:

---
title: Contribute
path: contribute
---

eCamp3 is the re-development of eCamp with the goal of reimplementing the functionality of eCamp v2 using modern technologies and an extensible [architecture](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/architecture){target=_blank}. Currently, an MVP (minimum viable product) is in operation. Next, we will focus on course planning, and further extensions will follow later.

The following commonly requested improvements over eCamp v2 are already implemented:

- Improved saving features - where possible, data are auto-saved on the fly.
- Usability on mobile phones - the design is mobile-first.
- Login via MiData account of the Swiss Guide and Scouts Movement is possible
- Switching the user interface language, powered by [Lokalise](https://lokalise.com)
- Formatting texts (bold, italic, etc.)

eCamp v3 is made up of a backend based on the PHP framework API Platform (Symfony), which offers an API, as well as a Vue.js frontend and some other smaller services.

### How can I help?

Thanks for helping! There are a few ways to get started.

- Visit our test environment at [https://dev.ecamp3.ch](https://dev.ecamp3.ch). If you discover a bug, [open a new issue for it](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/issues/new).
- To run the project locally on your computer, follow one of the installation guides:
  - [Installation with Docker on Linux](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/Development-install-on-linux){target=_blank}
  - [Installation with Docker on Windows + WSL2](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/Development-installation-on-Windows){target=_blank}
  - [Set up VS Code as your code editor](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/Development-installation-on-Windows#setting-up-the-ide){target=_blank}
- If you encounter issues during setup or have questions, don't worry, you're not alone. You can ask for help on our [community discord server](https://discord.gg/tdwtRytV6P){target=_blank} and we'll do our best to help you get up and running.
- Before you start coding, read our [contributing guidelines](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md){target=_blank}.
- Familiarize yourself with the [documentation in the Wiki](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki){target=_blank}.
- Choose an [issue labeled "good first issue"](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22){target=_blank} and try to solve it.

Commit message:

update references to contribution guidelines

src/content/pages/contribution.en.md, after:

---
title: Contribute
path: contribute
---

eCamp3 is the re-development of eCamp with the goal of reimplementing the functionality of eCamp v2 using modern technologies and an extensible [architecture](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/architecture){target=_blank}. Currently, an MVP (minimum viable product) is in operation. Next, we will focus on course planning, and further extensions will follow later.

The following commonly requested improvements over eCamp v2 are already implemented:

- Improved saving features - where possible, data are auto-saved on the fly.
- Usability on mobile phones - the design is mobile-first.
- Login via MiData account of the Swiss Guide and Scouts Movement is possible
- Switching the user interface language, powered by [Lokalise](https://lokalise.com)
- Formatting texts (bold, italic, etc.)

eCamp v3 is made up of a backend based on the PHP framework API Platform (Symfony), which offers an API, as well as a Vue.js frontend and some other smaller services.

### How can I help?

Thanks for helping! There are a few ways to get started.

- Visit our test environment at [https://dev.ecamp3.ch](https://dev.ecamp3.ch). If you discover a bug, [open a new issue for it](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/issues/new).
- Would you like to help us with development? Get startet by reading our [Contributing](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/blob/devel/CONTRIBUTING.md){target=_blank} page on GitHub.
- To run the project locally on your computer, follow one of the installation guides:
  - [Installation with Docker on Linux](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/Development-install-on-linux){target=_blank}
  - [Installation with Docker on Windows + WSL2](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/Development-installation-on-Windows){target=_blank}
  - [Set up VS Code as your code editor](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki/Development-installation-on-Windows#setting-up-the-ide){target=_blank}
- If you encounter issues during setup or have questions, don't worry, you're not alone. You can ask for help on our [community discord server](https://discord.gg/tdwtRytV6P){target=_blank} and we'll do our best to help you get up and running.
- Familiarize yourself with the [documentation in the Wiki](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/wiki){target=_blank}.
- Choose an [issue labeled "good first issue"](https://github.com/ecamp/ecamp3/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22){target=_blank} and try to solve it.
