src/content/posts/2023-10-go-live.en.md, before:

---
title: Go live of eCamp Version 3
path: 2023-10-go-live
pubDate: 2023-10-22
description: "More Features, Better Design, and Double the Data Security! Get started now!"
image: '~/assets/images/golive_ecamp.jpg'
---

After successfully hosting over 100 camps without any significant hiccups, the moment has finally arrived: We're wrapping up the Beta phase and rolling out the red carpet for eCamp v3! Starting now, Beta Coupon Codes are a thing of the past; creating camps is open to everyone. But that's not all:

- **Unified Design**: All the enhancements in Layout #2 are now also integrated into Layout #1.
- **Material Lists at Your Fingertips**: You can now display and download material lists individually.
- **Smart Camp Management**: We've restructured and partitioned the administrative areas to enable even more intuitive user navigation. The print function can now be found under Admin.
- **Double Data Security**: Your data will now be stored in two independent data centers.
- **Bug Fixes**: Thanks to the invaluable feedback from our Beta testers, we've been able to fix numerous bugs, including issues with keyboard-based time entry.

A heartfelt thank you to all Beta testers for their patience, feedback, and creative ideas. We can't wait to welcome even more users and camps to our community!

<a class="btn secondary mr-4 mb-4" href="https://app.ecamp3.ch" target="_blank">Go to the App</a>

Commit message:

Be more specific about the print layouts

src/content/posts/2023-10-go-live.en.md, after:

---
title: Go live of eCamp Version 3
path: 2023-10-go-live
pubDate: 2023-10-22
description: "More Features, Better Design, and Double the Data Security! Get started now!"
image: '~/assets/images/golive_ecamp.jpg'
---

After successfully hosting over 100 camps without any significant hiccups, the moment has finally arrived: We're wrapping up the Beta phase and rolling out the red carpet for eCamp v3! Starting now, Beta Coupon Codes are a thing of the past; creating camps is open to everyone. But that's not all:

- **Unified Design**: The picasso optimizations from print layout #2 are now available in print layout #1 as well. On the other hand, the activity detail improvements from layout #1 have been applied to layout #2.
- **Material Lists at Your Fingertips**: You can now display and download material lists individually.
- **Smart Camp Management**: We've restructured and partitioned the administrative areas to enable even more intuitive user navigation. The print function can now be found under Admin.
- **Double Data Security**: Your data will now be stored in two independent data centers.
- **Bug Fixes**: Thanks to the invaluable feedback from our Beta testers, we've been able to fix numerous bugs, including issues with keyboard-based time entry.

A heartfelt thank you to all Beta testers for their patience, feedback, and creative ideas. We can't wait to welcome even more users and camps to our community!

<a class="btn secondary mr-4 mb-4" href="https://app.ecamp3.ch" target="_blank">Go to the App</a>
